feat (samples/webhooks): Report 'webhooks' server template from quickstart repository (#302)
sinch/sinch-sdk-java: examples/webhooks/README.md

# Backend application built using Sinch Java SDK to handle incoming webhooks

> This directory contains a server application based onto [Sinch SDK java](https://github.com/sinch/sinch-sdk-java)

Reviewer: English: don't use `onto` but `on`: 
```suggestion
This directory contains a server application based on the [Sinch SDK java](https://github.com/sinch/sinch-sdk-java)
```
**Onto** implies movement toward a surface or position, this is not the case here

Author: Done

## Requirements

- JDK 21 or later (Sinch SDK Java is requiring java 8 only but client application can use latest available version)
- [Maven](https://maven.apache.org/)
- [SpringBoot](https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot)
- [Sinch account](https://dashboard.sinch.com)
- [ngrok](https://ngrok.com/docs)

## Configuration

### Configure application settings

> com.mycompany.app.Application settings are using the `SpringBoot` configuration file: [`application.yaml`](src/main/resources/application.yaml) file and enable to configure:

Reviewer 2: I don't understand this section. Is it an application package?

Author: Right.

In terms of Java + SpringBoot framework
- Java: located in a dedicated package
- SpringBoot framework: it is an application (HTTP server to handle webhooks)

#### Sinch credentials
Located in `credentials` section (*you can find all of the credentials you need on your [Sinch dashboard](https://dashboard.sinch.com)*):
- `project-id`: YOUR_project_id
- `key-id`: YOUR_access_key_id

> - `key-secret`: YOUR_access_key_secret

Reviewer: For most of the use cases, they are not needed

Author: Yes but here we are delivering a general purpose skeleton

Added a dedicated comment for this section to help users/AIs to consume it properly

#### Server port
<em>Default: 8090</em>

Located in `server` section:
- port: The port to be used to listen to incoming requests. <em>Default: 8090</em>

## Usage

### Start server
1. Edit configuration file

>    See above for Configuration paragraph

Reviewer 2: Add reference link  “See [Configuration](#configuration)”

Author: Done
